#!/usr/bin/env checkbox-cli-wrapper

[launcher]
app_id = app_id
launcher_version = 1
stock_reports = text, submission_files, certification

[test plan]
unit = unit::paln
filter = unit::paln
        unit::paln

[manifest]
com.canonical.certification::has_ethernet_adapter = true
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_storage = true
com.canonical.certification::has_i2c = true
com.canonical.certification::has_tpm2_chip = true
com.canonical.certification::has_hardware_watchdog = true
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_capture = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_loopback_connector = false
com.canonical.certification::has_audio_playback = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_smart = false
com.canonical.certification::has_bt_obex_support = false
com.canonical.certification::has_camera = false
com.canonical.certification::has_card_reader = false
com.canonical.certification::has_thunderbolt3 = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usb_type_c = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_data = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wwan_module = false
com.canonical.certification::has_wlan_adapter = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dp = true
com.canonical.certification::has_vga = false
com.canonical.certification::has_dvi = false
com.canonical.certification::has_hdmi = true
com.canonical.certification::has_md_raid = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eeprom = false
com.canonical.certification::socket_can_echo_server_running = false
com.canonical.certification::has_usbc_otg = false
com.canonical.certification::need_snapd_snap_update_test = false
com.canonical.certification::has_edac_module = false
com.canonical.certification::has_eclite = false
com.canonical.certification::has_ishtp = false
com.canonical.certification::has_qep = false
com.canonical.certification::has_led_power = false
com.canonical.certification::has_led_wireless = false
com.canonical.certification::has_mei = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_buzzer = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gps = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mtd = true
com.canonical.contrib::has_otg = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485 = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_rs485_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_socket_can_fd = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_caam = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_mcrc_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_sa2ul_engine = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_hardware_rng = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_tcp_multi_connection_server = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_optee = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_ptp = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_uefi_secure_boot_support = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_gpio_slot_been_defined = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_spi = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_pdu = false
com.canonical.contrib::has_ubuntu_frame = false

[environment]
TOTAL_MTD_NUM=17
KERNEL_REPO=universe

